README.md, before:

# SensorHub

**Description**  
This is the code for my weather app that I will make using the book [Build a Weather_Station_with Elixir and Nerves](https://pragprog.com/titles/passweather/build-a-weather-station-with-elixir-and-nerves/).  
  
This will use Nerves and Elixir you will also need to buy a [Rasberry Pi](https://www.pishop.us/product/raspberry-pi-zero-2w-with-headers/?searchid=0&search_query=zero+w) and an [evironmental hat](https://www.pishop.us/product/environment-sensor-hat-for-raspberry-pi-i2c-bus/?searchid=0&search_query=i2c+hat) that will keep scan the envrionment and upload the data to a database.  

**Workflow**  
```mermaid
erDiagram
    Weather_Station_1 ||--|| Public_Internet : Connects
    Weather_Station_2 ||--|| Public_Internet : Connects
    Weather_Station_N ||--|| Public_Internet : Connects
    Public_Internet ||--|| Phoenix_REST_API : Sends Data
    Phoenix_REST_API ||--o{ Time_Series_Database : Stores
    Grafana ||--|| Time_Series_Database : Queries

    Weather_Station_1 {
    }

    Weather_Station_2 {
    }

    Weather_Station_N {
    }

    Public_Internet {
    }

    Phoenix_REST_API {
    }

    Time_Series_Database {
    }

    Grafana {
    }
```

Commit message:

README.MD Added links to the individual sensors that I built.

README.md, after:

# SensorHub

**Description**  
This is the code for my weather app that I will make using the book [Build a Weather_Station_with Elixir and Nerves](https://pragprog.com/titles/passweather/build-a-weather-station-with-elixir-and-nerves/).  
  
This will use Nerves and Elixir you will also need to buy a [Rasberry Pi](https://www.pishop.us/product/raspberry-pi-zero-2w-with-headers/?searchid=0&search_query=zero+w) and an [evironmental hat](https://www.pishop.us/product/environment-sensor-hat-for-raspberry-pi-i2c-bus/?searchid=0&search_query=i2c+hat) that will keep scan the envrionment and upload the data to a database.  
  
## Sensors  
  
This project includes modules for the following sensors:  

- **LTR390 UV & ALS Sensor**  
  Repository link: [LTR390_UV Sensor Module](https://github.com/adamvietro/Weather-App/tree/Build_Firmware/sensor_hub_poncho/ltr390_uv)  

- **TSL25911FN Light Sensor**  
  Repository link: [TSL25911FN Sensor Module](https://github.com/adamvietro/Weather-App/tree/Build_Firmware/sensor_hub_poncho/tsl25911fn)  

**Workflow**  
```mermaid
erDiagram
    Weather_Station_1 ||--|| Public_Internet : Connects
    Weather_Station_2 ||--|| Public_Internet : Connects
    Weather_Station_N ||--|| Public_Internet : Connects
    Public_Internet ||--|| Phoenix_REST_API : Sends Data
    Phoenix_REST_API ||--o{ Time_Series_Database : Stores
    Grafana ||--|| Time_Series_Database : Queries

    Weather_Station_1 {
    }

    Weather_Station_2 {
    }

    Weather_Station_N {
    }

    Public_Internet {
    }

    Phoenix_REST_API {
    }

    Time_Series_Database {
    }

    Grafana {
    }
```
